Service is operating normally (#1)
mechcozmo/Statuspage2English: README.md

| Status Page               |      English  |
|---------------------------|---------------|

> | Service is operating normally | At least 51% of requests are handled without errors | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Service is operating normally | We remain blissfully ignorant of your problem | 
```
